Solution Overview

Solution Name:

Distributed Trustless Marketplace (DTM)
 
One-line solution summary:

Every creator globally should be able to take ownership of their content, be paid the majority of the revenue and given the opportunity
to build a prosperous life from the products of their hard work, sweat and love.

Pitch your solution:

The DTM is an autonomous, non-discriminatory, global online marketplace.  The DTM allows anyone who wishes to sell their digital content
access to the world market.  The DTM exists upon globally distributed networks that are supported, not only by the users, but also by
10’s of thousands of other entities that use the distributed networks services for other purposes.  There are neither corporate ententes
nor shareholders to pay so the majority of each sale goes directly to the content producer within an hour of each sale.  Content
producers retain full ownership and are helped to copyright their material. There is revenue built in for Agents/Agencies, separate from
what the content producers receive.  The system is designed to be a properly regulated capitalist marketplace.  A level playing field
for all, intended to interject wealth and stability in to all communities on all continents.  So if you are a small independent 
researcher in Zambia, a documentarian in Korea, a local band in any city that is exhausted and grinding it out for the last 30 years, a 
young book writer in the Middle East, that one hit wonder with a million dollar song, you now have access to the world without giving up
control and a majority of the revenue to some corporation without your best interest in mind.     
 
Film your elevator pitch:

 Any help with this would be great
 
What specific problem are you solving?:

1.	The lack of global market access for the majority of the world population.
2.	The lack of education in the digital economy.
3.	The lack of income and wealth building opportunties in all communities.
4.	The problems created from being part of the Un-Banked.
5. The top down revenue model of current economic systems.
5.	The discrimination and stranglehold maintained by a small number of international corporations on digital content.
 
What is your solution?:

The DTM is the combinations of a public global cloud storage system, block chain technology, encryption technology and some innovative
indexing protocols.  All the software is open source and the system is secured through consensus protocols.  This system addresses and
solves multiple problems on many levels in the current digital content market. I will address some of the major items.

1.	Market access: with very low cost of entry any producer with internet access can offer their content to consumers around the world.
2.	By encouraging the registration of copyrights, producers are not only better financially protected but are also better educated on
modern market practices.
3.	By using the DTM both producer and consumers will fall under the definition of “Banked”, further bringing more communities modern
banking access.
4.	Not only will content producer and their Agent/Agencies benefit but there will be a host of side industries needed to service them. 
Marketers and promoters, transportation, tour circuits, financial needs and many more.  
5.	Because of the nature of block chain technology record keeping is automatically done.  For financial or legal or data analytical 
purposes, all transactional data can be had at the touch of a button.
6.	Block chain technology also allows for the delivery of encrypted content that can only be accessed by the intended recipient address.
While this does not stop a consumer from downloading, copying and sharing somewhere else, just as if they had purchased a physical music
CD, it does stop account sharing and direct file access sharing. 
7.	Block chain also provides the function of near instant payments.  Revenue from sales is paid directly, quickly and simultaneously to
the proper recipients.

Who does your solution serve, and in what ways will the solution impact their lives?

Musicians, Video/Movie/Documentary/TV Producers, Researchers, Writers of all kinds, Podcasters or anyone who produces digital content in
any community in any country.  In addition there are Agents and Agencies, plus a host of other service industries that will be created 
to support the producers. 

Which dimension of the Challenge does your solution most closely address?

The DTM has the potential to create more wealth and more jobs for more people in every community around the world than any other solution.
With a low cost of development and self sustainability the DTM has the ability to drastically improve the lives of hundreds of millions 
of people. 

Explain how the problem, your solution, and your solution’s target population relate to the Challenge and your selected dimension.

This question is best answered by explaining some of the inspirations behind this project.  I recently befriended a bright and interesting 
gentleman.  This person plays 23 different interments and since the mid 1970s had played all over the world with very renound father. 
Yet despite many albums and filling concert halls for decades his father die broke, not owning his own creations.  My new friend is working 
a low wage houerly job.

This lead me to think about another friend who has been a band leader for the last 30 year, playing clubs and halls with a nice 
following.  She is still working week to week with little to no income security.

How many one hit wonders have we heard about who sell millions of copies but reap very little long term benefit because of the terms and
condition forced upon them by controlling interests.  

A comment was once made by a very established US musician that he received $1.25 per album sale but he didn’t care because he was making
5 million dollars a year.  While that system works well if you can sell millions of albums, you might even make a decent living selling 
a few hundred thousand.  But there are 10s of thousands of artist around the globe that could sell 10,000 or more that cannot make a 
living under the current system.  They don’t even have a viable path to reach the global market.  

With the DTM, we bypass all the unneeded overhead.  By stripping away the layers of corporate bureaucracy and greed the majority of the 
revenue is delivered directly to the content providers and agents.  When a musician is selling 10,000 to 20,000 albums a year but 
receiving $10 per sale they can raze a family, build some wealth and greater contribute to the economic well being of their community. 
There is no better way to empower and uplift any community then to give the people the tools they can use to create stable and sustainable 
wealth for themselves.  Not only will it enhance physical, mental and financial wellbeing, many studies have shown that people will use
their prosperity to contribute to the betterment of the community around them. 

What is your solution’s stage of development?

Design and development.  Since the majority of the DTM is contructed from existing open source software sevaral aspects and functions
exits already.  Current development is peliminary and on going with a soft target of the first quarter of 2021.

Where is your solution team headquartered?

A distributed team with members in the United States, South Korea, United Kingdom, Russia and a host of vonlenteers that lend what time
and skills they have.

Who is the primary delegate for your solution?

Deadheded1@yahoo.com  for now..


